So this is a stacj research definition, outlining my idealized voice solution. 

For context, I've been using speech-to-text capture or experimenting with speech-to-text capture for the past year, and I found it extremely valuable, and I've explored, I think, most of the mainstream tools on the market.

Currently using Voicenotes, voicenotes.com, and this is a truly excellent solution, but this is just to capture the little features that it's missing from my standpoint, as I expect that this market will continue to really heat up over the coming weeks, months, and years. 

So the first requirement for speech-to-text is, of course, accuracy, a reasonable degree of accuracy, especially in diverse sound conditions and where these are most commonly recorded, which is in typically, or commonly, on-the-go environments with suboptimal conditions for audio capture and suboptimal microphones, such as the internal microphone in a computer, or on a smartphone, more likely. 

Providing the transcripts via Webhook and being able to match those transcripts with the tags has become an essential requirement for me. Voicenotes currently allows this. My use for this is that I'm able to assign a tag like AI prompt, and then I can use that in an end-to-end workflow. For this reason, it's important that the tags and the workflows and the Webhooks can be paired. Automatic tag and entity detection is also useful. For UIs, I record a lot of Voicenotes on my computer. I use Linux, but a web UI is my preferred method for accessing tools in general. And I use Android as my smartphone. The main feature that I'm currently missing in Voicenotes is the ability to use a Bluetooth microphone on Android. This may seem like a nice-to-have or a small feature, but it's actually kind of integral, in my opinion, to successful Voicenote capture. I have a good selection of Bluetooth microphones, but as the app doesn't have the ability to select a Bluetooth audio source, and my phone isn't rooted, I have not been able to successfully use most of my Bluetooth microphones with the app. The phone simply defaults to the internal microphone, which means that in a noisy environment, or where I don't want to hold my phone up to my mouth when recording outside, in many contexts, it's simply not possible to record notes or to record notes with sufficient audio clarity that the transcription will be usable and useful. A unlimited plan is highly advantageous. I've become a very intensive user of Voicenote technology. I have this on Voicenotes, although there is a fair use cutoff, but that's, I think, to be expected. Personal dictionary is very useful, and something else I would really like as I begin using these tools more, and as they become more popular, is the ability to import or export my personal dictionary. I don't think it's sustainable or feasible that for Voicenote users, each app has its own dictionary that is importable. Finally, regarding data portability, I would also like to be able to export all of my notes. This is actually a very important feature that I'm missing in Voicenotes. I currently do this manually by writing each note to a database, and then periodically exporting that. This is so that I have a backup, and if I'm capturing a lot of important data in this manner, or ideas, I don't, I never, personally, I try to never have my data, any important data locked up in a single vendor. So, for serious use of notes as I intend making use of them, the ability to do a periodic data export, or an incremental ongoing data export or data copy from notes to another target would be vital. Finally, as I'm beginning to tell my friends about this and share the love of Voicenoting, the ability to share notes with other users on a platform is also useful. My wife and I, for example, are using this. She's also using it now, and it'd be nice to have a joint workspace of a kind where we can share notes with one another, maybe even.and AdTags. Essentially, the tools on the market today are good, but I'm looking for slightly more padding around the edges, robustness, and something that really feels like it's made for not just as kind of a productivity accessory, but as a tool that's intended to fit as a very central part in a user's workflow.